Improve docs in the application (#1207)
poanetwork/blockscout: README.md

2. View the generated docs.  
`open doc/index.html`

## Front-end 

### Javascript

> All Javascript files are under [block_scout_web/assets/js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets) and the main file is the [app.js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/blob/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/app.js). This file import all javascript used in the application. If you want to create a new new JS file consider add it into [/js/pages](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/pages) or [/js/lib](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/lib), as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Javascript files are under [apps/block_scout_web/assets/js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets) and the main file is the [app.js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/blob/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/app.js). This file imports all javascript used in the application. If you want to create a new JS file, consider creating it into [/js/pages](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/pages) or [/js/lib](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/tree/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/lib), as follows:
```

#### js/lib
In this folder is all the scripts that can be reused in any page or can be used as helper to some component.

#### js/pages
In this folder is the scripts that are specific for some page.

#### Redux

> This project use Redux to control the state in some pages. There are pages that have things happing in realtime thanks to the Phoenix channels (e.g Address page), so the page state changes a lot depeding which events it is listening and it was difficult to control it without the Redux. The redux also is used to load some contents asynchronous, see `[js/lib/async_listing_load.js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/blob/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/lib/async_listing_load.js)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses Redux to control the state in some pages. There are pages that have things happening in realtime thanks to the Phoenix channels, e.g. Address page, so the page state changes a lot depending on which events it is listening and it was difficult to control it without the Redux. The redux also is used to load some contents asynchronous, see `[js/lib/async_listing_load.js](https://github.com/poanetwork/blockscout/blob/master/apps/block_scout_web/assets/js/lib/async_listing_load.js)`.
```
